packing was made by foot just about
three yards there and they really ran
right into the Blitz that's a time that
a veteran quarterback should have
changed the play at the line of
scrimmage you could see the blitz coming
he didn't audible and only came away
with a short day
Pass is complete say
is there to bring him to the Lions did a
good job forcing a three-and-out anytime
a defense can come up with three solid
plays in a row like that you know they
are right on schedule into the end zone
for a touchback
they'll start this drive at the 20 yard
line first and 10
cause they tackle in four laws when you
know the safeties are going to attack
the line of scrimmage against the run
but you just don't expect them to get
there so soon that they're going to make
the tackle in the backfield
he rolls white rose a chore Williams has
it he's into the open touchdown Green
Bay
tremendous interception but when he got
the ball in his hand he looked like he
knew what to do with it what a run
Mason Crosby adds the extra point here's
your sprint drive summary